To flesh out the rest of our code through the various tiers, I'm going
to start with first going to our RideController.
Inside of our RideController we're currently returning null.
I want to go ahead and say rideService.createRide and pass in our ride object.
Now you're going to get a red squiggly line because
this method currently does not exist.
So let's go ahead and open up our RideService interface.
You may want to stop your server if it's going to continue to try and redeploy
that context. I've stopped mine. I'm going to go into my interface now and say
Ride createRide Ride, and pass in that instance.
Now I want to mention again, because I get asked this quite
frequently, and this is why I walked through these steps, do I
have to have this service tier?
The answer is no, you do not have to.
We could go right from our RideController and go right to our ride repository.
We could honestly even pass in our JdbcTemplate to our controller.
Do I recommend that?
No. You want those multiple tiers inside of your application so that we have
some flexibility, as well as coding to an interface as you'll see in a more
complex example we're going to do later in this course.
Let's go into our RideService.
We have our interface now created for Ride createRide, and you'll
see you have a red x under your RideServiceImpl.
We're going to do the same thing and go into our RideServiceImpl and
add an @Override and create this method. We'll just say public Ride
createRide and pass in that ride instance.
And we're going to do this exact same thing for now.
And you're saying, why would I want to just do the same thing over and over?
Because we're going to expand this example later. We'll say return
rideRepository.createRide, and it's going to error out on us because
we don't have that method currently created.
We can save this and then go ahead and open up our RideRepository and create the
same method signature there that we did in our RideService.
And when we save this, it will transfer that error to our RideRepositoryImpl.
Now inside of here we're going to do the same thing, but this is
where we're going to finally go through and begin editing our
database where we're going to incorporate the JdbcTemplate that you
can see we've created right above.
So let's go ahead and say @Override public Ride createRide,
pass in that ride instance again.
And in here, for now we're just going to return null.
We'll go through all the JdbcTemplate features here in just a second.
But we should be able to go back and start our application server
up and now go to our unit test and right‑click Run As, Unit Test
and start this, look at our test results, and you'll see that we
have a green bar still.
So we went ahead and created the test that called our endpoint in
our controller of the createRide that's going to go ahead and
interact with our service tier through the interface and then
through the implementation,
which ultimately ends up calling the RideRepository for
this createRide method that we're now going to go ahead and utilize the JdbcTemplate in.